here's the problem you've got guests and
not enough beds those older beds start
off fine but leave you with a sinking
feeling after just a few hours sometimes
it's a whole but it can also be the bed
stretching introducing insta-bed the
next generation of premium air
mattresses your stay comfortable all
night long
guaranteed the secret is insta beds
never flat pump patented micro sensors
instantly detect any loss in pressure
and trigger the whisper quiet pump to
automatically add air to maintain
firmness sleep peacefully the never flat
pump is as quiet as a gentle breeze or
while you stay fast asleep
what's this the never flat pump works so
well your mattress will stay perfectly
inflated even with these punches the old
air mattress loses firmness quickly but
even with two punches the never flat
plug keeps our insta-bed inflated for a
great night's sleep here's what happens
with a typical air mattress look
familiar
plus your double height insta-bed fully
inflates in just minutes
thanks for the patented integrated pump
it really is an insta bed you can even
select the custom firmness level that's
perfect for you just like those beds
costing thousands of dollars other air
mattresses simply can't compare your
body weight and body heat caused them to
stretch and feel deflated but the
insta-bed never flat pump never lets you
down in the morning insta-bed
automatically deflates and then quickly
rolls up for easy storage take into the
bed alone when you travel so you can
always sleep in luxury no matter where
you are
the insta-bed C's firm all night long
doesn't seem to deflate like other
mattresses
wow the never flat pump really is silent
and it's more comfortable my regular bed
at home getting into the bed so your
guess your travels or any night for
incredible comfort call a number on your
screen or go to instant bed comm to get
your insta bed when you order right now
we'll also include this free retractable
light for easy reading or a quick reach
light in the middle of the night try the
insta bed for
thirty days if you're not thrilled
return it for a full refund
and keep the retractable lights as our
free gift don't be let down by your old
air mattress get a guaranteed great
night's sleep with into the bed
you